The I Love license
Copyright (c) 2017-2018 ChillCoding SAS

With regard to the I Love Software:

This software (the "Software") may only be used in production, if you (and any
entity that you represent) have agreed to, and are in compliance with, the
Software Terms of Service, available at
https://www.chillcoding.com/app/ilove/privacy-policy.html, or other agreement
governing the use of the Software, as agreed by you and ChillCoding, and
otherwise have a valid installation of the Software from the Google Play Store.
Subject to the foregoing sentence, you are free to modify this Software and
submit patches to the Software on its GitLab.com project, available at
https://gitlab.com/chillcoding-at-the-beach/I-love.
You agree that ChillCoding and/or its licensors (as applicable) retain all
right, title and interest in and to all such modifications and/or patches, and
all such modifications and/or patches may only be published on the Google Play
Store by ChillCoding and/or its licensors (as applicable).
Notwithstanding the foregoing, you may copy and modify the Software for
development and testing purposes. You agree that ChillCoding and/or its
licensors (as applicable) retain all right, title and interest in and to all
such modifications. You are not granted any other rights beyond what is
expressly stated herein. Subject to the foregoing, it is forbidden to copy,
merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

For all third party components incorporated into the Software, those
components are licensed under the original license provided by the owner of the
applicable component.
